

1 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
To:
Attention:
Email:
From:
Department:
Telephone:
Fax:
Email:
Date:
Re:
Our Reference No:
Internal Tracking No:
Admin No:
USI:
UTI:
Banco ABC (Santiago)
Back Office
backoffice_mesa@Banco ABC.cl
US Bank ML
Global FX and Derivative Operations
(+44) (0) 20 8695 3399
(+44) (0) 20 7106 6324
ratesdocumentationchester@US Bank ML
10th February 2023
NON-DELIVERABLE CROSS CURRENCY SWAP TRANSACTION
947229605
47229605
23ML174578
1030289121VM47229605 
GGDZP1UYGU9STUHRDP48VM47229605
Dear Sir/Madam,
The purpose of this letter agreement is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into between 
Party A and Party B (each a ''party'' and together ''the parties'') on the Trade Date specified below (the ''Transaction''). 
This letter agreement constitutes a ''Confirmation'' as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below (the 
''Agreement'').
The  definitions  and  provisions  contained  in  the  1998  ISDA  FX  and  Currency  Option  Definitions  as  published  by 
the  International  Swaps  and  Derivatives  Association,  Inc.  (''ISDA''),  the  EMTA,  Inc  and  the  Foreign  Exchange 
Committee (the ''1998 Definitions''), as supplemented by the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA (the ''2006 
Definitions''), are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 1998 Definitions 
and the 2006 Definitions, the 1998 Definitions will govern for purposes of the settlement provisions set out below in 
Section D. In the event of any inconsistency between either set of Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation 
will govern.
This Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 14th April 
2020, as amended and supplemented from time to time, between the parties. All provisions contained in the Agreement 
govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below.
In this Confirmation ''Party A'' means US Bank ML and ''Party B'' means Banco ABC (Santiago).
The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:
Trade Date:10th February 2023
Effective Date:14th February 2023

2 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
Termination Date:14th  February  2028,  subject  to  adjustment  in  accordance  with  the
Modified Following Business Day Convention.
Relevant Cities for Business
Days for Valuation Dates:New York and Santiago
Relevant Cities for Business
Days for Payment Dates:New  York  and  Santiago;  provided,    however,  that  in  the  event  of  an
Unscheduled Holiday following the Trade Date, then New York only
A.Floating Amounts I:
Floating Rate Payer I:Party B
Floating Rate Payer I
Currency Amount:CLP 7,200,000,000
Delayed Payment:Applicable, 2 Business Days after each Floating Rate Payer Period
End Date
Floating Rate Payer I
Period End Dates:The 14th of each February and August, commencing on 14th August
2023  and  ending  on  the  Termination  Date,  subject  to  adjustment  in
accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention.
Floating Rate Payer I
Floating Rate Option:CLP-TNA-CBF (as defined below)
Spread:minus 0.64000 per cent
Floating Rate Payer I Day
Count Fraction:Actual/360
Reset Dates:The last day of each Floating Rate Payer I Calculation Period.
B.Floating Amounts II:
Floating Rate Payer II:Party A
Floating Rate Payer II
Currency Amount:USD 9,000,000.00
Delayed Payment:Applicable, 2 Business Days after each Floating Rate Payer Period
End Date
Floating Rate Payer II
Period End Dates:The 14th of each February and August, commencing on 14th August
2023  and  ending  on  the  Termination  Date,  subject  to  adjustment  in
accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention.
Floating Rate Payer II
Floating Rate Option:USD-SOFR-COMPOUND

3 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
Spread:None
Floating Rate Payer II Day
Count Fraction:Actual/360
Reset Dates:Last day of each Floating Rate Payer II Calculation Period.
Compounding:Inapplicable
Rate Cut-Off Dates:Inapplicable
Averaging:Inapplicable
Compounding:Inapplicable
C.Final Exchange:
Final Exchange:Applicable
Floating Rate Payer I
Final Exchange Date:The final Floating Rate Payer I Period End Date.
Floating Rate Payer II
Final Exchange Date:The final Floating Rate Payer II Period End Date.
Floating Rate Payer I
Final Exchange Amount:The Floating Rate Payer I Currency Amount.
Floating Rate Payer II
Final Exchange Amount:The Floating Rate Payer II Currency Amount.
D.All amounts payable under this Transaction on each Payment Date and Exchange Date, if any, will
be paid in USD:
Reference Currency:Chilean Peso (CLP)
Settlement Currency:United States Dollar (USD)
Settlement:Non-Deliverable, with the effect that any amounts denominated in the
Reference Currency payable under this Transaction shall be converted
to an amount denominated in the Settlement Currency by application of
the Settlement Rate Option determined in respect of the Valuation Date
immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date or Exchange Date, if
any, and the amount denominated in the Settlement Currency resulting
from such conversion shall be paid on such Payment Date or Exchange
Date,  as  applicable,  by  the  applicable  party;  provided,  however,  that
such conversion and payment obligations shall be subject in all respects
to (A) any applicable provisions of Article 5 in the 1998 Definitions
with reference to the relevant terms set out below in this Section D and
(B) any adjustment required to be made in accordance with the other
provisions of this Section D to the occurrence of the relevant Valuation
Date and the related Payment Date or Exchange Date.

4 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
Settlement Rate Option:CLP DOLAR OBS (CLP10)
Valuation Date:In respect of any payment denominated in the Reference Currency to
be  made  hereunder,  the  date  that  is  two  Business  Days  prior  to  the
relevant  Period  End  Date  or  Exchange  Date,  if  any  (each  such  date,
a  “Scheduled  Valuation  Date”),  subject  to  adjustment  in  accordance
with the Preceding Business Day Convention; provided,   however that,
in  the  event  of  an  Unscheduled  Holiday,  subject  to  adjustment  in
accordance  with  the  Following  Business  Day  Convention  and  the
applicable  provisions  of  Article  5  in  the  1998  Definitions  and  with
reference to the provisions set out below in this Section D.
Disruption Event and Fallbacks:
Price Source Disruption:
Disruption Fallbacks:
Applicable
1. Valuation Postponement
2. Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate
Definition of
Unscheduled Holiday:“Unscheduled Holiday” shall mean, for purposes of this Transaction,
that  a  day  is  not  a  Business  Day  and  the  market  was  not  aware  of
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other
publicly  available  information)  until  a  time  later  than  9:00  am  local
time  in  the  Principal  Financial  Center(s)  for  the  Reference  Currency
two Business Days before the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date.
Deferral Period for
Unscheduled Holiday:In  the  event  a  Scheduled  Valuation  Date  becomes  subject  to  the
Following  Business  Day  Convention  after  the  occurrence  of  an
Unscheduled Holiday, and if the Valuation Date has not occurred on or
before the 14th consecutive day after such Scheduled Valuation Date
(any  such  period  being  a  “Deferral  Period”),  then  the  next  day  after
the Deferral Period that would have been a Business Day but for the
Unscheduled  Holiday,  shall  be  deemed  to  be  the  relevant  Valuation
Date.
Valuation Postponement for
Price Source Disruption:“Valuation Postponement” means, for purposes of obtaining the Spot
Rate, that the Spot Rate will be determined on the Business Day first
succeeding  the  day  on  which  the  Price  Source  Disruption  ceases  to
exist, unless the Price Source Disruption continues to exist (measured
from  the  date,  that,  but  for  the  occurrence  of  the  Price  Source
Disruption,  would  have  been  the  Valuation  Date)  for  a  consecutive
number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of Postponement.
In such event, the Spot Rate will be determined on the next Business
Day after the Maximum Days of Postponement in accordance with the
next applicable Disruption Fallback.

5 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
Cumulative Events:Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall
the total number of consecutive calendar days during which either
(i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled Holiday, or (ii) a
Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i)
and (ii)), exceed 14 consecutive calendar days in the aggregate.
Accordingly, (x) if, upon the lapse of any such 14 day period, an
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the
day following such period, then such day shall be deemed to be a
Valuation Date, and (y) if, upon the lapse of any such 14 day period,
a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the
day following such period, then Valuation Postponement shall not
apply and the Spot Rate shall be determined in accordance with the
next Disruption Fallback.
Maximum Days of Postponement:Fourteen (14)calendar days
No Adjustments to Period
End Dates or the Termination
Date:For the avoidance of any doubt, any adjustment to, or deferral of, (A)
the  date  on  which  a  Spot  Rate  is  determined,  (B)  any  Payment  Date
or (C) any Exchange Date pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof
shall not adjust or otherwise affect the occurrence of any Period End
Date (including the Termination Date) for the purposes of determining
any Calculation Period.
Payment Date and
Exchange Date Adjustments:If a Valuation Date is adjusted due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled
Holiday or on account of a Disruption Event, then the related Payment
Date or Exchange Date shall be as soon as practicable after the relevant
Valuation Date, but in no event later than the day which is two Business
Days following the date on which the Spot Rate is determined.
Further,  if  payments  are  scheduled  to  be  made  by  both  parties  on  a
Payment Date or an Exchange Date, if any, and such date is adjusted
due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday or on account of a
Disruption Event, then such Payment Date shall be adjusted in respect
of both parties’ payment obligations.

6 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
E.Additional Definitions:
For purposes of this Confirmation, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned respectively thereto.
“CLP-TNA-CBF” means that the rate for a Reset Date, calculated in accordance with the formula set
forth below in this subparagraph, will be the average rate for the “Tasa Nominal Annual Promedio”
or “TNA” in respect of a Calculation Period.
“TNA” will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula,
and rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the method set forth in Section 8.1(a) of the
2006 Definitions, but to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001%):
Where:
“ICP
0
”  means  a  reference  rate  equal  to  the  ICP  on  the  first  day  of  the  relevant
Calculation Period.
“ICP
1
”  means  a  reference  rate  equal  to  the  ICP  on  the  final  day  of  the  relevant
Calculation Period.
“d” for any Calculation Period, is the number of actual calendar days in the relevant
Calculation Period.
“ICP” means a reference rate for Chilean Pesos equal to the Indice Cámara
Promedio, as calculated by the Chilean Benchmark Facility SpA (“CBF”) in
accordance with the “Reglamento Indice de Cámara Promedio” of the CBF as
published in the Diario Official de la Republica de Chile (the “ICP Rules”) and
reported on the CBF website.  If, in respect of any date, the rate fails to appear on
the CBF website by 8:00 p.m., Santiago Time, on the relevant date, then the rate for
that date will be determined by the Calculation Agent substantially in accordance
with the ICP Rules.
F.Miscellaneous:
Calculation Agent:Party A unless otherwise specified in the Agreement
Recording of Conversations:
Each party to this Transaction acknowledges and agrees to the recording of conversations between trading
and marketing personnel of the parties to this Transaction whether by one or other or both of the parties or
their agents.
Account Details:
As  advised  under  separate  cover  with  reference  to  this  Confirmation,  each  party  shall  provide  appropriate
payment instructions to the other party in writing and such instructions shall be deemed to be incorporated
into this Confirmation.

7 of 7Party A Ref.: 947229605
Offices:
The Office of Party A for this Transaction is: London, United Kingdom.
Please send reset notices to fax no. (+44) (0) 20 8662 4309.
The Office of Party B for this Transaction is: Santiago, Chile.
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms and conditions of our agreement by returning an
executed  copy  of  this  Confirmation  in  its  entirety  to  the  attention  of  Global  FX  and  Derivative  Operations  via
email to ratesdocumentationchester@US Bank ML.
US Bank ML
Accepted and confirmed as of the date first written: 
Banco ABC (Santiago)
Authorised Signatory
By: _______________________
Name:
Title:
Registered in England (No. 2312079). Registered Office: 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ. VAT No. GB 245 1224 93.
An indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of US Bank ML Corporation, Delaware, U.S.A.
US Bank ML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority
and a member of the London Stock Exchange.