

1 of 6Party A Ref.: 940288069
To:
Attention:
Email:
From:
Department:
Telephone:
Fax:
Email:
Date:
Re:
Our Reference No:
Internal Tracking No:
Admin No:
USI:
UTI:
Banco ABC (Santiago)
Back Office
backoffice_mesa@Banco ABC.cl
US Bank ML
Global FX and Derivative Operations
(+44) (0) 20 8695 3399
(+44) (0) 20 7106 6324
US Bank ML.paper.confirmations@US Bank ML.com
13th October 2021
NON-DELIVERABLE SWAP TRANSACTION
940288069
40288069
21ML1037396
1030289121VM40288069 
1030289121VM40288069
Dear Sir/Madam,
The purpose of this letter agreement is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into between 
Party A and Party B (each a ''party'' and together ''the parties'') on the Trade Date specified below (the ''Transaction''). 
This letter agreement constitutes a ''Confirmation'' as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below (the 
''Agreement'').
The  definitions  and  provisions  contained  in  the  1998  ISDA  FX  and  Currency  Option  Definitions  as  published  by 
the  International  Swaps  and  Derivatives  Association,  Inc.  (''ISDA''),  the  EMTA,  Inc  and  the  Foreign  Exchange 
Committee (the ''1998 Definitions''), as supplemented by the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA (the ''2006 
Definitions''), are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 1998 Definitions 
and the 2006 Definitions, the 1998 Definitions will govern for purposes of the settlement provisions set out below in 
Section D. In the event of any inconsistency between either set of Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation 
will govern.
This Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 14th April 
2020, as amended and supplemented from time to time, between the parties. All provisions contained in the Agreement 
govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below.
In this Confirmation ''Party A'' means US Bank ML and ''Party B'' means Banco ABC
(Santiago).
The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:
Trade Date:13th October 2021
Effective Date:15th October 2021

2 of 6Party A Ref.: 940288069
Termination Date:1st March 2026, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified
Following Business Day Convention.
Relevant Cities for Business
Days for Valuation Dates:New York and Santiago
Relevant Cities for Business
Days for Payment Dates:New York and Santiago
A.Fixed Amounts:
Fixed Rate Payer:Party B
Fixed Rate Payer
Currency Amount:CLP 6,000,000,000
Fixed Rate:5.61000 per cent
Fixed Rate Payer
Payment Dates:The 1st of each April and October, commencing on 1st April 2022 and
ending on the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance
with  the  Modified  Following  Business  Day  Convention  and  the
provisions of Section D hereof.
Fixed Rate Payer
Period End Dates:The 1st of each April and October, commencing on 1st April 2022 and
ending on the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance
with the Modified Following Business Day Convention.
Fixed Rate Day
Count Fraction:Actual/360
B.Floating Amounts:
Floating Rate Payer:Party A
Floating Rate Payer
Currency Amount:CLP 6,000,000,000
Floating Rate Payer
Payment Dates:The 1st of each April and October, commencing on 1st April 2022 and
ending on the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance
with  the  Modified  Following  Business  Day  Convention  and  the
provisions of Section D hereof.
Floating Rate Payer
Period End Dates:The 1st of each April and October, commencing on 1st April 2022 and
ending on the Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance
with the Modified Following Business Day Convention.
Floating Rate Option:TNA (as defined below)
Spread:None

3 of 6Party A Ref.: 940288069
Floating Rate Day
Count Fraction:Actual/360
Reset Dates:The last day of each Floating Rate Payer Calculation Period.
C.Final Exchange:
Final Exchange:Inapplicable
D.All amounts payable under this Transaction on each Payment Date and Exchange Date, if any, will
be paid in USD:
Reference Currency:Chilean Peso (CLP)
Settlement Currency:United States Dollar (USD)
Settlement:Non-Deliverable, with the effect that any amounts denominated in the
Reference Currency payable under this Transaction shall be converted
to an amount denominated in the Settlement Currency by application of
the Settlement Rate Option determined in respect of the Valuation Date
immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date or Exchange Date, if
any, and the amount denominated in the Settlement Currency resulting
from such conversion shall be paid on such Payment Date or Exchange
Date,  as  applicable,  by  the  applicable  party;  provided,    however,  that
such conversion and payment obligations shall be subject in all respects
to (A) any applicable provisions of Article 5 in the 1998 Definitions
with reference to the relevant terms set out below in this Section D and
(B) any adjustment required to be made in accordance with the other
provisions of this Section D to the occurrence of the relevant Valuation
Date and the related Payment Date or Exchange Date.
Settlement Rate Option:CLP DOLAR OBS (CLP10)
Valuation Date:In  respect  of  any  payment  denominated  in  the  Reference  Currency
to  be  made  hereunder,  the  date  that  is  two  Business  Days  prior  to
the relevant Payment Date or Exchange Date, if any (each such date,
a  “Scheduled  Valuation  Date”),  subject  to  adjustment  in  accordance
with the Preceding Business Day Convention; provided,   however that,
in  the  event  of  an  Unscheduled  Holiday,  subject  to  adjustment  in
accordance  with  the  Following  Business  Day  Convention  and  the
applicable  provisions  of  Article  5  in  the  1998  Definitions  and  with
reference to the provisions set out below in this Section D.
Disruption Event and Fallbacks:
Price Source Disruption:
Disruption Fallbacks:
Applicable
1. Valuation Postponement
2. Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate

4 of 6Party A Ref.: 940288069
Definition of
Unscheduled Holiday:“Unscheduled Holiday” shall mean, for purposes of this Transaction,
that  a  day  is  not  a  Business  Day  and  the  market  was  not  aware  of
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other
publicly  available  information)  until  a  time  later  than  9:00  am  local
time  in  the  Principal  Financial  Center(s)  for  the  Reference  Currency
two Business Days before the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date.
Deferral Period for
Unscheduled Holiday:In  the  event  a  Scheduled  Valuation  Date  becomes  subject  to  the
Following  Business  Day  Convention  after  the  occurrence  of  an
Unscheduled Holiday, and if the Valuation Date has not occurred on or
before the 30th consecutive day after such Scheduled Valuation Date
(any  such  period  being  a  “Deferral  Period”),  then  the  next  day  after
the Deferral Period that would have been a Business Day but for the
Unscheduled  Holiday,  shall  be  deemed  to  be  the  relevant  Valuation
Date.
Valuation Postponement for
Price Source Disruption:“Valuation Postponement” means, for purposes of obtaining the Spot
Rate, that the Spot Rate will be determined on the Business Day first
succeeding  the  day  on  which  the  Price  Source  Disruption  ceases  to
exist, unless the Price Source Disruption continues to exist (measured
from  the  date,  that,  but  for  the  occurrence  of  the  Price  Source
Disruption,  would  have  been  the  Valuation  Date)  for  a  consecutive
number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of Postponement.
In such event, the Spot Rate will be determined on the next Business
Day after the Maximum Days of Postponement in accordance with the
next applicable Disruption Fallback.
Cumulative Events:Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to  the  contrary,  in  no  event  shall
the total number of consecutive calendar days during which either (i)
valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled Holiday, or (ii) a Valuation
Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed
30  consecutive  calendar  days  in  the  aggregate.  Accordingly,  (x)  if,
upon  the  lapse  of  any  such  30  day  period,  an  Unscheduled  Holiday
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following such period,
then such day shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date, and (y) if, upon
the lapse of any such 30 day period, a Price Source Disruption shall
have occurred or be continuing on the day following such period, then
Valuation  Postponement  shall  not  apply  and  the  Spot  Rate  shall  be
determined in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback.
Maximum Days of Postponement:Thirty (30) calendar days
No Adjustments to Period
End Dates or the Termination
Date:For the avoidance of any doubt, any adjustment to, or deferral of, (A)
the  date  on  which  a  Spot  Rate  is  determined,  (B)  any  Payment  Date
or (C) any Exchange Date pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof
shall not adjust or otherwise affect the occurrence of any Period End
Date (including the Termination Date) for the purposes of determining
any Calculation Period.

5 of 6Party A Ref.: 940288069
Payment Date and
Exchange Date Adjustments:If a Valuation Date is adjusted due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled
Holiday or on account of a Disruption Event, then the related Payment
Date or Exchange Date shall be as soon as practicable after the relevant
Valuation Date, but in no event later than the day which is two Business
Days following the date on which the Spot Rate is determined.
Further,  if  payments  are  scheduled  to  be  made  by  both  parties  on  a
Payment Date or an Exchange Date, if any, and such date is adjusted
due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday or on account of a
Disruption Event, then such Payment Date shall be adjusted in respect
of both parties’ payment obligations.
E.Additional Definitions:
For purposes of this Confirmation, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned respectively thereto.
“TNA” means that the rate for a Reset Date, calculated in accordance with the formula set forth below
in this subparagraph, will be the average rate for the “Tasa Nominal Annual Promedio” or “TNA” in
respect of a Calculation Period.
“TNA” will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula,
and rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the method set forth in Section 8.1(a) of the
2006 Definitions, but to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001%):
Where:
“ICP
0
”  means  a  reference  rate  equal  to  the  ICP  on  the  first  day  of  the  relevant
Calculation Period.
“ICP
1
”  means  a  reference  rate  equal  to  the  ICP  on  the  final  day  of  the  relevant
Calculation Period.
“d” for any Calculation Period, is the number of actual calendar days in the relevant
Calculation Period.
“ICP” means a reference rate for Chilean Pesos equal to the Indice Cámara Promedio,
as calculated by the Asociación de Bancos e Instituciones Financieras de Chile A.G.
(“ABIF”) in accordance with the “Reglamento Indice de Cámara Promedio” of the
ABIF as published in the Diario Official de la Republica de Chile (the “ICP Rules”)
and reported on the ABIF website.  If, in respect of any date, the rate fails to appear
on the ABIF website by 10:00 a.m., Santiago Time, on the relevant date, then the rate
for that date will be determined by the Calculation Agent substantially in accordance
with the ICP Rules.
Calculation Agent:Party A unless otherwise specified in the Agreement

6 of 6Party A Ref.: 940288069
Recording of Conversations:
Each party to this Transaction acknowledges and agrees to the recording of conversations between trading and
marketing personnel of the parties to this Transaction whether by one or other or both of the parties or their agents.
Account Details:
As advised under separate cover with reference to this Confirmation, each party shall provide appropriate payment
instructions  to  the  other  party  in  writing  and  such  instructions  shall  be  deemed  to  be  incorporated  into  this
Confirmation.
Offices:
The Office of Party A for this Transaction is: London, United Kingdom.
Please send reset notices to fax no. (+44) (0) 20 8662 4309.
The Office of Party B for this Transaction is: Santiago, Chile.
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms and conditions of our agreement by returning an
executed  copy  of  this  Confirmation  in  its  entirety  to  the  attention  of  Global  FX  and  Derivative  Operations  via
email to US Bank ML.paper.confirmations@US Bank ML.com.
US Bank ML
Accepted and confirmed as of the date first written: 
Banco ABC (Santiago)
Authorised Signatory
By: _______________________
Name:
Title:
Registered in England (No. 2312079). Registered Office: 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ. VAT No. GB 245 1224 93.
An indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of US Bank ML Corporation, Delaware, U.S.A.
US Bank ML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority
and a member of the London Stock Exchange.