

GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -1-
CONFIRMATION OF AN INTEREST RATE SWAP 
TO: 
ATTENTION: 
Banco ABC BACK 
OFFICE 
Phone: 
Fax: 
FROM: Spanish Bank S.A. 
Documentacion 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Oceanía Centro, planta 1 
28050 Madrid Spain 
Phone: 00034915378465 
Fax: 00034915370955 
Email: envios@Spanish Bank.com 
Date: 14/05/2020 
YOUR REF:  
OUR REF: GMRT-MXMA35377669-2020 
If no USI/UTI informed, please complete it before returning the confirmation 
UTI: 10302704540000000000000000000000MX35377669 
The  purpose  of  this  letter  agreement  (this  "Confirmation")  is  to  confirm  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the 
Transaction entered into between  us on the Trade Date specified below (the "Transaction"). This Confirmation 
constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below.  
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the “Swap Definitions”), as published by 
the  International  Swaps  and  Derivatives  Association,  Inc.  (“ISDA”),  and  in  the  1998  FX  and  Currency  Option 
Definitions (the “FX Definitions”) as published by the ISDA,  the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The 
Foreign Exchange Committee (together, the “Swap Definitions” with the “FX Definitions”, the “Definitions”) as 
supplemented  by  the  ISDA  Benchmarks  Supplement,  as  published  by  the  ISDA  are  incorporated  into  this 
Confirmation. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Swap  Definitions and the FX Definitions, the  Swap  Definitions 
shall  govern  except  that  the FX  Definitions  shall  govern for  the purposes  of  the  Settlement  Provisions  set out 
below. In the event of any inconsistency between the Definitions and this Co nfirmation, this Confirmation will 
govern. References herein to a “Transaction” shall be deemed to be references to a “Swap Transaction” for the 
purposes of the Swap Definitions 

GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -2-
This Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 12/11/2019 
as    amended    and    supplemented    from    time    to    time    (the    "Agreement"),    between    Banco ABC 
("Counterparty")  and  Spanish Bank,  S.A.  ("Spanish Bank").  All  provisions  contained  in 
the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. 
1.The terms of the particular Swap Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:
Notional Amount: CLP 760,000,000.00 
Trade Date: 13/05/2020 
Effective Date: 15/05/2020 
Termination Date: 15/05/2032,  subject  to  adjustment  in  accordance  with  the  Business  Day 
Convention 
Business Days: Santiago and New York 
Business Day 
Convention: Modified Following 
Fixed Amounts  
Fixed Rate Payer : Spanish Bank 
Fixed Rate : 2.31 % 
Fixed Rate Day  
Count Fraction : Act/360 
Fixed Amount 
Payment Date(s) : Semi-Annually, on the 15
th
 of November and May, beginning on 16/11/2020, 
to  and  including  17/05/2032  subject  to  adjustment  in  accordance  with  the 
Business Day Convention. 
Floating Amounts 
Floating Rate Payer : Counterparty 
Floating Amount 
Payment Date(s) : Semi-Annually,  on the  15
th
  of  November and May  beginning on 16/11/2020, 
to  and  including  17/05/2032  subject  to  adjustment  in  accordance  with  the 
Business Day Convention. 
Floating Rate Option : 
Tasa nominal anual promedio ("TNA") 
TNA = [(ICP1/ICP0)-1) * 36000 / (T1-T0); 4] 
The  TNA  shall  be  expressed  as  a  percentage,  calculated  to  the  4th  decimal 
place. 
Where: 

 
 
GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -3-  
 
 
ICP  =  Means  that  the  rate  for  a  Reset  Date,  will  be  the  “Indice  Cámara 
Promedio”  for  Chilean  Pesos  which  is  determined  and  published  by  the 
Chilean Benchmark Facility SpA (“CBF”), or any successor administrator, in 
accordance  with  the  ICP  Rules  and  is  reported  on  the CBF  website  by  not 
later than 08:00 p.m., Santiago time, on that  Reset Date. If in respect of any 
Reset Date, the rate fails to appear by 08:00 p.m., Santiago time, then the rate 
for that Reset Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent substantially 
in accordance with the ICP Rules. 
ICP1 = Value of ICP on the last day of the relevant Calculation Period. 
ICP0 = Value of ICP on the first day of the relevant Calculation Period. 
ICP  Rules:  The  "Indice  de  Camara  Promedio  e  Indice  de  Camara  Promedio 
Real"  Regulation  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  "Asociación  de 
Bancos" in session dated 27 March 2017 and published in the Official Journal 
of 05 May 2017 as adopted by CBF under the transition of the administration 
of  rates  and  Indexes  from   the  "Asociación  de  Bancos"  to  CBF  dated 
November 18, 2019 (as it may be amended from time to time). 
T1 = The last day of the relevant Calculation Period. 
T0 = The first day of the relevant Calculation Period. 
Spread : 0% 
Floating Rate Day  
Count Fraction : Act/360 
Business days for fixings : Santiago and New York 
Rate Cut-off Dates : Not Applicable 
Compounding : Inapplicable 
Compounding Dates : Not Applicable 
Settlement Provisions: 
Settlement: Non deliverable, with the effect that any Reference Currency amounts payable 
hereunder  on  a  Payment  Date  (“Reference  Currency  Payment  Date”)  or  an 
Exchange  Date  (“Reference  Currency  Exchange  Date”)  shall  be  converted 
into   Settlement   Currency   amounts.   All   payments   (including   exchanges) 
hereunder shall be made in the Settlement Currency 
Settlement Date: Each  Payment  Date  or  Exchange  Date,  as  the  case  may  be,  subject  to 
adjustment if the Scheduled Valuation Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Following  Business  Day  Convention  or  if  Valuation  Postponement  applies, 
and in each such case, the Settlement Date shall be as soon as practicable, but 

 
 
GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -4-  
 
 
in no event later than two Business Days after the date on which the Spot Rate 
is determined. 
Settlement Rate Option: CLP DÓLAR OBS (CLP10) 
Reference Currency: CLP 
Reference Currency Amount: An  amount  that  represents  the  amount  that  one  party  was,  but  for  these 
Settlement Terms, due to pay the other party in the Reference Currency. 
Settlement Currency: USD 
Valuation Date: In  respect  of  a  Reference  Currency  Payment  Date  or  a  Reference  Currency 
Exchange  Date,  the  date  which  is  two  Business  Days  prior  to  that  Reference 
Currency  Payment  Date  or  a  Reference  Currency  Exchange Date,  provided 
that  if  a  day  that,  but  for  the  occurrence  on  that  day  of  an  Unscheduled 
Holiday would have been a Valuation Date (a “Scheduled Valuation Date”), is 
as  a  result  of  such  occurrence  not  a  Business  Day,  the  Valuation  Date  in 
question   shall   be the   next   following   Business   Day   to   such   Scheduled 
Valuation  Date  on  which  an  Unscheduled  Holiday  does  not  occur,  provided 
that if the Valuation Date has not occurred on or before the 30th consecutive 
day  after  the  relevant  Scheduled  Valuation  Date  (any  such  period  being  the 
“Deferral Period”), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would have 
been a Business Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be 
the relevant Valuation Date. 
Settlement Amount: Any   Reference   Currency   Amount   otherwise   payable   hereunder   on   a 
Settlement Date, shall be converted into an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(a “Settlement Currency Amount”) as follows: 
where  the  Settlement  Currency  is  USD,  if  the  Spot  Rate  to  be  determined  in 
accordance  with  the  Settlement  Rate  Option  is  expressed  as  an  amount  of 
USD  per  one  unit  of  the  Reference  Currency,  by  multiplying,  or  if  the  Spot 
Rate  to  be  determined  in  accordance  with  the  Settlement  Rate  Option  is 
expressed as an amount of the Reference Currency per USD1.00, by dividing, 
any  such  Reference  Currency  Amount  by  the  Spot  Rate  determined  for  the 
Valuation  Date  in  respect  of  such  Settlement  Date,  in  accordance  with  the 
Settlement Rate Option and if applicable, Article 5 of the FX Definitions; 
DISRUPTION EVENTS: 
Event Currency: Each Reference Currency 
Price Source Disruption: Applicable 
DISRUPTION FALLBACKS: 
1. Valuation Postponement 

 
 
GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -5-  
 
 
2 Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate 
OTHER TERMS: 
Unscheduled Holiday “Unscheduled  Holiday”  means  that  a  day  is  not  a Business  Day  and  the 
market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference  to  other  publicly  available  information)  until  a  time  later  than  9:00 
a.m. local time in the Principal Financial Center(s) of the Reference Currency 
two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Valuation Date. 
“Deferral Period” for Unscheduled  
Holiday: In the  event the  Scheduled  Valuation Date becomes  subject to the Following 
Business  Day  Convention  after  the  occurrence  of  an  Unscheduled  Holiday, 
and if the  Valuation Date has not occurred on or before  the 30th consecutive 
day after the Scheduled Valuation Date (any such period being a “Deferral 
Period”), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would have been a 
Business  Day  but  for  the  Unscheduled Holiday,  shall  be  deemed  to  be  the 
Valuation Date. 
Valuation Postponement 
for Price Source Disruption: “Valuation  Postponement”  means,  for  purposes  of  obtaining  a  Settlement 
Rate,  that  the  Spot  Rate  will  be  determined  on  the  Business  Day  first 
succeeding  the  day  on  which  the  Price  Source  Disruption  ceases  to  exist, 
unless the Price Source Disruption continues to exist (measured from the date 
that,  but  for  the  occurrence  of  the  Price  Source  Disruption,  would  have  been 
the  Valuation  Date)  for  a  consecutive  number  of  calendar  days  equal  to  the 
Maximum  Days  of  Postponement.  In  such  event,  the  Spot  Rate  will  be 
determined   on   the   next   Business   Day   after   the   Maximum   Days   of 
Postponement   in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback. 
Cumulative Events: Except  as  provided  below,  in  no  event  shall  the  total  number  of  consecutive 
calendar   days   during   which   either   (i)   valuation   is   deferred   due   to   an 
Unscheduled  Holiday,  or  (ii)  a  Valuation  Postponement  shall  occur  (or  any 
combination  of  (i)  and  (ii)),  exceed 30 consecutive  calendar  days  in  the 
aggregate.    Accordingly,  (x)  if,  upon  the  lapse  of  any  such  30  calendar  day 
period,  an  Unscheduled  Holiday  shall  have  occurred  or  be  continuing  on  the 
day  following  such  period  that  otherwise  would  have  been  a  Business  Day, 
then  such  day  shall  be  deemed  to  be  a  Valuation  Date,  and  (y)  if,  upon  the 
lapse of any such 30 calendar day period, a Price Source Disruption shall have 
occurred or be continuing on the day following such period on which the Spot 
Rate  otherwise  would  be  determined,  then  Valuation  Postponement  shall  not 
apply  and  the  Spot  Rate  shall  be  determined  in  accordance  with  the  next 
Disruption Fallback. 
Maximum Days of Postponement: Thirty (30) calendar days 
Adjustment to Termination Date,  
Payment Dates and  

 
 
GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -6-  
 
 
Exchange Dates: If  the  Valuation  Date  in  respect  of  a  Reference  Currency  Payment  Date,    a 
Reference  Currency  Exchange  Date  or  the  Termination  Date  is  not  the 
Scheduled  Valuation  Date  in  respect  of  such  Reference  Currency  Payment 
Date,  Reference  Currency  Exchange  Date  or  Termination  Date,  then  such 
Reference  Currency  Payment  Date,  a  Reference  Currency  Exchange  Date  or 
Termination  Date  (as  applicable)  shall  be  as  soon  as  practicable  after  the 
relevant  Valuation  Date,  but  in  no  event  later  than  the  day  which is  two 
Business  Days  after  the  relevant  Valuation  Date.    Further,  if  payments  are 
scheduled  to  be  made  by  both  parties  on  a  Payment  Date,  Exchange  Date  or 
Termination  Date,  and  such  date  is  adjusted  due  to  the  occurrence  of  an 
Unscheduled  Holiday  in  accordance  with  the  previous  sentence,  then  such 
Payment  Date,  Exchange  Date  or  Termination  Date  shall  be  adjusted  in 
respect of both parties’ payments. 
 For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  such  adjustments  shall  not  apply  in  respect  of 
Period  End  Dates  (including  the Termination  Date)  for  the  purposes  of 
determining the Calculation Periods. 
Business Day (as defined in the  
FX Definitions) for Valuation Date(s): New York and Santiago 
Business Day (as defined in the  
2006 Definitions) for all other purposes: New York 
 
Optional Early Termination 
1- Optional Early Termination: 
Optional Early Termination: Applicable. 
Option Style: Bermuda 
Calculation Agent: Spanish Bank, S.A. 
2- Procedure of Exercise: 
Bermuda Option Exercise Date: Five (5) Business Days prior to the relevant Cash 
Settlement Payment Date   
Written Confirmation  
of  Exercise: Applicable. 
Counterparty 
Contact details for  
purpose of giving exercise notice: To be advised. 
Spanish Bank, S.A. 
Contact details for purpose of  
giving exercise notice: To be advised. 

 
 
GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -7-  
 
 
3- Settlement Terms: 
Cash Settlement: Applicable 
Cash Settlement Payment Date: Annually starting on 13/05/2021 
Business Day Convention for Cash  
Settlement Date Modified Following 
2. Calculation Agent: 
Spanish Bank, S.A. unless otherwise specified in the  Agreement. The  Calculation  Agent  has a 
mere  administrative  function,  its  failure  to  comply  with  its  obligations  as  Calculation  Agent  in  the  time  required 
shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
3. Other Provisions 
Relationship Between Parties.  Each  party  will  be  deemed  to  represent  to  the  other  party  on  the  date  on  which  it 
enters into this Transaction that (absent a  written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative 
obligations to the contrary for that Transaction): 
(1) Non Reliance 
Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following Subsection (g): 
In connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, and the confirming of the execution of, this Transaction, the 
Agreement, any Credit Support Document, and any other documentation relating to this Transaction to which it is a 
party or that is required by this Transaction to deliver:(i) each party is relying upon its own independent judgment; 
(ii) the other party hereto or thereto is not acting as a fiduciary or financial or investment advisor for it; (iii) it is not 
relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or otherwise) upon any advice, counsel or representations 
(whether written or oral) of the other party hereto or thereto other than the representations expressly set forth in the 
Agreement, in such Credit Support Document and in this Confirmation; (iv) the other party hereto or thereto has not 
given to it (directly or indirectly through any other person) any assurance, guaranty, or representation whatsoever as 
to the expected or projected success, profitability, return, performance, result, effect, consequence, or benefit (either 
legal,  regulatory,  tax,  financial,  accounting,  or  otherwise)  of  the  Agreement,  such  Credit  Support  Document,  this 
Transaction  or  other  documentation;  (v)  it  has  consulted  with  its  own  legal,  regulatory,  tax,  business,  investment, 
financial,  and  accounting  advisors  to  the  extent  it  has  deemed  necessary,  and  it  has  made  its  own  investment, 
hedging  and  trading  decisions  based  upon  its  own  judgment  and  upon  any  advice  from  such  advisors  as  it  has 
deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the other party hereto or thereto; (vi) it has determined that 
the rates, prices or amounts and other terms of this Transaction and the indicative quotations (if any) provided by the 
other  party  hereto  or  thereto  reflect  those  in  the  relevant  market  for  similar  transactions,  and  all  trading  decisions 
have been the result of arms length negotiations between the parties; (vii) it is entering into this Transaction and any 
other  documentation  relating  to  the  Agreement  with  a  full  understanding  of  all  of  the  terms,  conditions  and  risks 
hereof and thereof (economic and otherwise), and it is capable  of assuming and  willing  to assume  (financially and 
otherwise) those risks, (viii) it is a sophisticated investor and this Transaction is suitable for its investment criteria; 
and  (ix)  the  individual(s)  executing  this   Confirmation   and  any  other  related  documentation  (including  the 
Agreement) are duly empowered and authorized to do so 
 

GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -8-
4.Notices
Section  12(a)  of  the  Agreement  is  hereby  amended  by  deleting  the  clause  in  its  entirety  and  substituting  the 
following in lieu thereof:  
(a)Effectiveness.  Any  notice  or  other  communication  in  respect  of  this  Agreement  may  be  given  in  any  manner
described below (except that  a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by electronic
system  or  e-mail)  to  the  address  or  number  in  accordance  with  the  electronic  messaging  system  or  e -mail  details
provided (see the Schedule) and will be deemed effective as indicated:
(i)  If in writing and delivered in person or by courier, on the date it is delivered;
(ii) If sent by telex, on the date the recipient’s answerback is received;
(iii) If sent by facsimile transmission, on the date it is received by a responsible employee of the recipient in legible
form (it being agreed that  the burden of proving receipt  will be  on the  sender and  will  not be  met by transmission
report generated by the sender’s facsimile machine):
(iv) If sent by certified or registered  mail (airmail, if overseas) or the  equivalent (return  receipt requested), on the
date it is delivered or its delivery attempted;
(v) If sent by electronic messaging system, on the date it is received;
(vi) If sent by email, on the date it is delivered; or
(vii) If  made available in a webpage to which the Parties have access through a personalized code and/or electronic
signature, on the date it is uploaded unless the date of delivery (or attempted delivery) or that receipt, as applicable,
is not a  Local Business Day  or that  communication is delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the
close of business on a Local Business Day, in which case that communication will be deemed given and effective on
the first following day that is a Local Business Day.
5. Account Details:
Accounts for Payments to: Spanish Bank, S.A. 
To be advised 
Accounts for Payments to: Banco ABC 
To be advised 
6
. Offices:
(a)   The Office of the Spanish Bank for the Transaction is MADRID
(b)   The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is SANTIAGO
7.FATCA
“Withholding  Tax  imposed  on  payments  to  non-US  counterparties  under  theUnited  States Foreign  Account  Tax 
Compliance Act. “Tax” as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and “Indemnifiable Tax” as 
defined  in  Section  14  of  this  Agreement  shall  not  include  any  U.S.  federal  withholding  tax  imposed  or  collected 

 
 
GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -9-  
 
 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any 
current  or  future  regulations  or  official  interpretations  thereof,  any  agreement  entered  into  pursuant  to  Section 
1471(b)   of   the   Code,   or   any   fiscal   or   regulatory   legislation,   rules   or   practices   adopted   pursuant   to   any 
intergovernmental  agreement  entered  into  in  connection  with  the  implementation  of  such  Sections  of  the  Code  (a 
"FATCA  Withholding  Tax").  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  a  FATCA  Withholding  Tax  is  a  Tax  the  deduction  or 
withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.” 
 
Please  confirm  that  the  foregoing  correctly  sets  forth  the  terms  of  our  agreement  by  executing  the  copy  of  this 
Confirmation enclosed for that purpose and returning it to us to the following email address: 
Spanish Bank, S.A. 
TESORERIA – DOCUMENTACION 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Oceanía Centro, planta 1 
28050  - Madrid 
Spain 
Contact Details: 
Customer Support Documentation Fixing/Payments 
Phone: (+34) 915379397 Phone: (+34) 91 537 84 65 
Fax: (+34) 91 537 09 55 
Phone: (+34) 91 374 33 75 
Fax: (+34) 91 374 31 35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

GMRT-MXMA35377669-CONF-NEW-35377669-13052020 -10-
Yours sincerely, 
Spanish Bank, S.A. 
P.p. (P. of A.)
By: By: 
Name: Miguel Ángel Alonso Simón Name:  Vicente García 
Title: Authorised Signatory Title: Authorised Signatory 
CONFIRMED AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN: 
Banco ABC (“Counterparty”) 
By: By: 
Name: Name: 
Title: Authorised Signatory Title: Authorised Signatory 