

1/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
Date: 
To: 
Attn: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email:
From: 
Phone:
Fax:
Email confirms:
Email queries:
May 30, 2023
Banco ABC 
LEI: XXX
Confirmation Unit
backoffice_mesa@Banco ABC.cl
US Bank C N.A., London Branch  
US Bank C Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
Authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited 
regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registered 
Number BR001018 
LEI: US Bank C
212-816-0400
646-861-6419
646-861-6418
nyfiderivconfirms@US Bank C
ficonfirms@US Bank C
Our ref:      CE3G29221290 
Your ref:
UTI: E57ODZWZ7FF32TWEFA76TPSPROD10197407

2/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
TRANSACTION
The purpose of this letter (this "Confirmation") is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Swap 
Transaction entered into between Banco ABC  ('Counterparty')  and US Bank C N.A., London Branch  
('US Bank C') on the Trade Date specified below. This confirmation constitutes a "Confirmation" as 
referred to in the "Agreement" as specified below. 
Your counterparty to the Transaction is US Bank C, N.A., London branch, which is authorized by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority (the " PRA  ") and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (the " FCA  ") and limited regulation by the PRA. In the event that you have dealt with 
employees of an affiliate of US Bank C, N.A., London branch in placing the order for or otherwise arranging 
the Transaction (which is likely if you are not a UK person), then the Transaction has been introduced to 
you, and arranged, by such affiliate. Such affiliate does not act as agent for US Bank C, N.A., London 
branch, which is the principal to the Transaction with you. In the European Union, such affiliate may be 
US Bank C Global Markets Limited (which is authorized by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA) 
or US Bank C Europe PLC-UK Branch (authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland and by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Central Bank of Ireland and limited regulation by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority). 
US Bank C N.A., London Branch is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority. US Bank C N.A., London Branch is entering into this Transaction as principal and not as an agent 
for any other party. 
Unless specified herein, information about the time of dealing and the amount or basis of any charges 
shared with any third party in connection with this Transaction will be made available on request. 
1. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions  (the " 
2021 Definitions  "), and the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions") as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), the EMTA and the Foreign 
Exchange Committee (together, the "Definitions") are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event 
of any inconsistency between the Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail. In the 
event of any inconsistency between FX Definitions and the  2021 Definitions , the  2021 Definitions  shall 
govern except that the FX Definitions will prevail for the purposes of the Settlement Terms set out 
below and the definition of Valuation Date. References herein to a "Transaction" shall be deemed to be 
references to a "Swap Transaction" for purposes of the  2021 Definitions .
This Confirmation constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in, and supplements, forms part of and is 

3/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement  dated as of November 6, 2020 , as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the "Agreement"), between Counterparty and US Bank C. All provisions contained in 
the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. 
2. The terms of the particular  Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:
Trade Date: May 30, 2023
Effective Date: June 1, 2023 
Termination Date: January 9, 2025 , subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Modified Following  Business Day Convention 
First Fixed Reference Currency Amounts 
First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer: 
US Bank C
First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Currency Payment Amount: 
In respect of each First Fixed Reference Currency Payer Calculation 
Period, an amount in CLP equal to the product of (i) the First Fixed 
Reference Currency Payer CLP-UF Notional Amount; (ii) the First 
Fixed Reference Currency Payer Fixed Rate for such First Fixed Rate 
Currency Calculation Period; (iii) the First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Day Count Fraction and (iv) the CLPUF Rate.
First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer CLP-UF Notional Amount:
UF 200,000.00
First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Fixed Rate: 
0.000%
First Fixed Reference 
Currency Payer Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/360
CLPUF Rate: 
The CLP/UF rate, expressed as an amount of CLP per one UF 
for settlement on the same day reported by the Banco Central 
de Chile (the "Central Bank") which appears on the Central 
Bank's website (currently 
http://si3.bcentral.cl/Indicadoressiete/secure/Indicadoresdiar
ios.aspx  ) under the heading "Unidad de Fomento (UF)" on 
such Reference Currency Payer Payment Date. In the event 

4/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
such rate does not appear on the Central Bank's website, the 
CLPUF shall be the rate reported by the Central Bank which 
appears on Bloomberg Page CLUFUF Index on such Reference 
Currency Payer Payment Date. In the event such rate does not 
appear at such time on the Central Bank's website or such 
Bloomberg page, the CLPUF shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Period End Dates:
The Termination Date 
First Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Payment Date: 
The Termination Date 
Second Fixed Reference Currency Amounts
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer: 
Counterparty
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Currency Payment Amount: 
In respect of each Second Fixed Reference Currency Payer 
Calculation Period, an amount in CLP equal to the product of (i) the 
Second Fixed Reference Currency Payer CLP Notional Amount; (ii) 
the Second Fixed Reference Currency Payer Fixed Rate for such 
Second Fixed Rate Currency Calculation Period, and (iii) the Second 
Fixed Reference Currency Payer Day Count Fraction. 
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer CLP Notional: 
CLP 7,623,000,000.00
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Fixed Rate:
0.000% 
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/360

5/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Period End Dates:  The Termination Date 
Second Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Payment Date: The Termination Date 
  
Final Exchange
Final Exchange Date:The Termination Date
First Fixed Reference
Currency Payer Final Exchange
Amount:An amount in CLP equal to the product of (i) the First Fixed Reference 
Currency Payer CLP-UF Notional Amount and (ii) the CLPUF Rate as of 
the Termination Date.
Second Fixed Reference
Currency Payer 
Final Exchange
Amount:           The Second Fixed Reference Currency Payer CLP Notional Amount
Calculation Agent: US Bank C, unless otherwise stated in the Master Agreement.
  
SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS: 
Settlement: 

6/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
Non-Deliverable, with the effect that any amounts denominated in the Reference Currency 
payable hereunder on any Payment or Exchange Date shall be converted into the Settlement 
Currency by reference to the Settlement Rate Option on the applicable Valuation Date and 
payable on the related Settlement Date. All payments (including exchanges) hereunder shall be 
made in the Settlement Currency. 
Settlement Rate Option: CLP Dollar OBS (as defined below) 
Reference Currency: CLP 
Settlement Currency: USD 
Settlement Date: Each Payment Date or Exchange Date, provided however, that if   Valuation 
Postponement applies the Settlement Date shall be as soon as practical, but in no event later 
than, two Business Days after the date on which the Settlement Rate is    determined. 
Further, if   payments are scheduled to be made by both parties on a   Settlement Date, and such 
date is    adjusted due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, then such Settlement Date 
shall be adjusted in respect of both parties' payments. 
Two Business Days preceding each Settlement Date, (each, a "Scheduled Valuation Date"), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention; provided 
however, that, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Following Business Day Convention. 
In the event the Scheduled Valuation Date becomes subject to the Following Business Day 
Convention after the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, and if   the Valuation Date has not 
occurred on or before the 14
th
 consecutive day after the Scheduled Valuation Date (any such 
period being a   "Deferral Period"), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would have 
been a Business Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date.
 
DISRUPTION EVENT AND FALLBACK: 
Event Currency: Reference Currency 
Applicable Disruption Events: Price Source Disruption 
FALLBACKS: 
(1) Valuation Postponement 
(2) Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate 

7/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
Adjustment to Termination Date, Payment Dates and Exchange Dates: If the Valuation Date in 
respect of a Payment Date, an Exchange Date or the Termination Date is    not the Scheduled 
Valuation Date in respect of such Payment Date, Exchange Date or Termination Date or if 
Valuation Postponement applies, then such Payment Date, Exchange Date or Termination Date 
(as applicable) shall be as soon as practicable after the relevant Spot Rate is    determined, but in 
no event later than the day which is    two Business Days after the relevant Spot Rate is 
determined. Further, if   payments are scheduled to be made by both parties on a   Payment Date, 
Exchange Date or Termination Date, and such date is    adjusted due to the occurrence of an 
Unscheduled Holiday or Valuation Postponement in accordance with the previous sentence, 
then such Payment Date, Exchange Date or Termination Date shall be adjusted in respect of 
both parties' payments. For the avoidance of doubt, such adjustments shall not apply in respect 
of Period End Dates (including the Termination Date) for the purpose of determining the 
Calculation Periods. 
Additional Definitions: 
"CLP" means the lawful currency of the Republic of Chile. CLP will be deemed to include 
any lawful successor currency (the "Successor Currency") of the Republic of Chile. If, 
after the Trade Date and on or before the Termination Date, the Republic of Chile has 
lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on 
such Trade Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the "Original 
Currency"), for a   Successor Currency, then for purposes of calculating any amounts of 
such currency pursuant to this Transaction, and for purposes of effecting settlement 
hereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by 
multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency to Original 
Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate set forth by 
the Republic of Chile for converting the Original Currency into the Successor Currency on 
the date on which the elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took place. 
If there is    more than one such date, the date closest to the relevant Payment Date will 
be selected. 
"CLP Dollar OBS Rate" in respect of any Valuation Date shall mean Chilean Peso/U.S. 
Dollar "observado" rate, expressed as the amount of Chilean Pesos per one U.S. Dollar, 
for settlement in one Business Day reported by the Banco Central de Chile 
(www.bcentral.cl) as the "Dólar Observado" (Dollar Observado) rate by not later than 
10:30 a.m., Santiago time, on the first Business Day following that Valuation Date. 
"Maximum Days of Postponement" means Fourteen (14) calendar days. 

8/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
"Unscheduled Holiday" shall mean, for the purpose of this Transaction, that a day is    not a 
Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact (by means of public announcement or 
by reference to other publicly available information) until a   time later than 9:00 a.m. local time 
in Santiago, two Business Days prior to the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Postponement" means, for purposes of obtaining a   Settlement Rate, that the Spot 
Rate will be determined on the Business Day first succeeding the day on which the Price Source 
Disruption ceases to exist, unless the Price Source Disruption continues to exist (measured from 
the date, that, but for the occurrence of the Price Source Disruption, would have been the 
Valuation Date) for a   consecutive number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Postponement. In such event, the Spot Rate will be determined on the next Business Day after 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in accordance with the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is    deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday, or (ii) a   Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
14 consecutive calendar days in the aggregate. Accordingly, (x) if, upon the lapse of any such 14 
day period, an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following 
such period, then such day shall be deemed to be a   Valuation Date, and (y) if, upon the lapse of 
any such 14 day period, a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the 
day following such period, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement 
Rate shall be determined in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
Relevant Cities for Business Day(s) 
for Valuation Date(s):  New York, Santiago
Relevant Cities for Business Day(s) 
for Settlement/Payment Date(s): New York, Santiago; provided however, that in the event 
of an Unscheduled Holiday following the Trade Date, then 
New York only.
 7. Representations: 
Each party represents to the other party that: 
 (a) Non-Reliance. It    is    acting for its own account, and it   has made its own independent decisions to 

9/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
enter into this Transaction and as to whether this Transaction is    appropriate or proper for it based upon 
its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors as it   has deemed necessary. It    is    not relying on 
any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a   recommendation to 
enter into this Transaction; it   being understood that information and explanations related to the terms 
and conditions of this Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to 
enter into this Transaction. It    has not received from the other party any assurance or guarantee as to 
the expected results of this Transaction. 
 (b) Evaluation and Understanding. It is    capable of evaluating and understanding (on its own behalf or 
through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks 
of this Transaction. It    is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and other risks of this 
Transaction. 
 (c) Status of Parties. The other party is    not acting as a   fiduciary or an advisor for it in respect of this 
Transaction. 
 (d) Risk Management. It    has entered into this Transaction for the purpose of (i) managing its borrowings 
or investments, (ii) hedging its underlying assets or liabilities or (iii) in connection with its line of 
business. 
  
 8. Account Details 
Payments to US Bank C: As separately advised
Payments to Counterparty: As separately advised
If   you have any questions regarding this letter agreement, please contact the Swap Operations 
Department at the telephone numbers or the facsimile numbers indicated on this Confirmation. 
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing the copy 
of this Confirmation enclosed for that purpose and returning it   to us. 
Very truly yours, 
US Bank C N.A., London Branch 

10/10Deal No: 93447448, Deal Alias: 
CE3G29221290, ID: 
1008762101(1-1)
By:______________________ 
Accepted and confirmed as 
of the Trade Date: 
Banco ABC
By: ________________________________________ 
Authorized Signatory 