

1/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
Date: 
To: 
Attn: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email:
From: 
Phone:
Fax:
Email confirms:
Email queries:
Our ref:
July 28, 2022
Banco ABC
LEI: XXX
Confirmation Unit
backoffice_mesa@Banco ABC.cl
US Bank C N.A., London Branch  
US Bank C Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
Authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited 
regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registered 
Number BR001018 
LEI: US Bank C
212-816-0400
646-861-6419
646-861-6418
nyfiderivconfirms@US Bank C
ficonfirms@US Bank C
      CE3G26053973
Your ref:
Explanation of Identifiers for Use in EMIR Reporting: 
Where a UTI is required for use in EMIR reporting, the following guidelines apply: 
1. UTI - Where provided, please use for EMIR reporting
2. USI - In line with ISDA Best Practice, where a USI is provided, please reuse the USI as the UTI
3. UITI - In other cases, the UITI can be used as the UTI to assist with your EMIR reporting
USI Prefix: 1030187177USI: TPSPROD8853261

2/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
TRANSACTION
The purpose of this letter (this "Confirmation") is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Swap 
Transaction entered into between Banco ABC ('Counterparty')  and US Bank C N.A., London Branch  
('US Bank C') on the Trade Date specified below. This confirmation constitutes a 
"Confirmation" as referred to in the "Agreement" as specified below. 
Your counterparty to the Transaction is US Bank C, N.A., London branch, which is authorized by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority (the " PRA ") and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (the " FCA ") and limited regulation by the PRA. In the event that you have dealt with 
employees of an affiliate of US Bank C, N.A., London branch in placing the order for or otherwise 
arranging the Transaction (which is likely if you are not a UK person), then the Transaction has been 
introduced to you, and arranged, by such affiliate. Such affiliate does not act as agent for US Bank C, 
N.A., London branch, which is the principal to the Transaction with you. In the European Union, such
affiliate may be US Bank C Global Markets Limited (which is  authorized by the PRA and regulated by
the FCA and the PRA) or US Bank C Europe PLC-UK Branch (authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland
and by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Central Bank of Ireland
and limited regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority).
US Bank C N.A., London Branch is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority. US Bank C N.A., London Branch is entering into this Transaction as principal and not as an 
agent for any other party. 
Unless specified herein, information about the time of dealing and the amount or basis of any 
charges shared with any third party in connection with this Transaction will be made available on 
request. 
1. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2021 ISDA Definitions as supplemented by the
Annex in effect on the Trade Date (the " 2021 Definitions "), and the 1998 FX and Currency Option
Definitions (the "FX Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), the EMTA and the Foreign Exchange Committee (together, the
"Definitions") are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the
Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency
between FX Definitions and the 2021 Definitions, the 2021 Definitions shall govern except that the
FX Definitions will prevail for the purposes of the Settlement Terms set out below and the definition
of Valuation Date. References herein to a "Transaction" shall be deemed to be references to a "Swap
Transaction" for purposes of the 2021 Definitions.

3/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
This Confirmation constitutes a   "Confirmation" as referred to in, and supplements, forms part of 
and is    subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement  dated as of November 6, 2020, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Agreement"), between Counterparty and US Bank C .  All 
provisions contained in the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified 
below.
2. The terms of the particular  Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
Trade Date: July 25, 2022
Effective Date: July 27, 2022 
Termination Date: July 27, 2026 , subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Modified Following  Business Day Convention 
Fixed Reference Currency Payment Amounts 
Fixed Reference Currency Payer:  Counterparty
Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Currency Payment Amount: 
 In respect of each Calculation Period, an amount in CLP equal to 
the product of (i) the Fixed   Rate, (ii) the   Fixed Reference 
Currency Day  Count  Fraction, (iii) the UF  Notional Amount  and 
(iv) the CLPUF as of the corresponding Fixed Reference Currency 
Payer Payment Date
CLP-UF Notional Amount:UF 250.000.00
Fixed Rate:                                          1.87 Percent
Fixed   Reference Currency 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 Actual/360
CLPUF: The CLP/UF rate, expressed as an amount of CLP per one UF for 
settlement on the same day reported by the Banco Central de 
Chile (the "Central Bank") which appears on the Central Bank's 
website (currently 
http://si3.bcentral.cl/Indicadoressiete/secure/Indicadoresdiario 
s.aspx) under the heading "Unidad de Fomento (UF)" on such 

4/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
Reference Currency Payer Payment Date. In the event such rate 
does not appear on the Central Bank's website, the CLPUF shall 
be the rate reported by the Central Bank which appears on 
Bloomberg Page CLUFUF Index on such Reference Currency Payer 
Payment Date. In the event such rate does not appear at such 
time on the Central Bank's website or such Bloomberg page, the 
CLPUF shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner
Fixed  Amount  Payer 
Period End Dates: 
Each January 27 and July 27 commencing January 27, 2023, 
through and including July 27, 2026 , with No Adjustment
Fixed  Rate  Payer 
Payment Dates: 
Each January 27 and July 27 commencing January 27, 2023, 
through and including the Termination Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention
Floating Reference Currency Payment Amounts: 
Floating Reference Currency Payer:  US Bank C
Floating Reference Currency 
Payment Amounts:
In respect of each Floating Rate Reference Currency Payer 
Calculation Period, an amount in CLP equal to the product of (i) 
the CLP Notional Amount; (ii) the Floating Rate for such Floating 
Rate Currency Calculation Period, and (iii) the Floating Reference 
Currency Day Count Fraction.
CLP Notional:                                       CLP 8,344,662,500.00
Floating  Amount  Payer 
 Period End Dates: 
Each January 27 and July 27 commencing January 27, 2023, 
through and including July 27, 2026 , with No Adjustment
Floating Reference Currency 
Payer Payment Date: 
Each January 27 and July 27 commencing January 27, 2023, 
through and including the Termination Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention

5/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
Floating Rate Option: CLP-ICP
Floating Reference Currency Day 
Count Fraction: 
 
Actual/360
Reset Dates: The Period End Date of the related Calculation Period.
Final Exchange
Final Exchange Date:The Termination Date
Fixed Reference Currency Payer 
Final Exchange Amount:  An Amount in CLP equal to the product of (i) the UF Notional 
Amount and (ii) the CLPUF as of the Termination Date. 
Floating Reference Currency Payer 
Final Exchange Amount:  The CLP Notional Amount 
Calculation Agent: US Bank C, unless otherwise stated in the Master Agreement.
SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS: 
Settlement: 
Non-deliverable, with the effect that any amounts denominated in the Reference Currency 
payable hereunder on any Payment or Exchange Date shall be converted into the Settlement 
Currency by reference to the Settlement Rate Option on the applicable Valuation Date and 
payable on the related Settlement Date. All payments (including exchanges) hereunder shall 
be made in the Settlement Currency. 
Settlement Rate Option: CLP Dollar OBS (as defined below) 

6/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
Reference Currency: CLP 
Settlement Currency: USD 
Settlement Date: Each Payment Date or Exchange Date, provided however, that if   Valuation 
Postponement applies the Settlement Date shall be as soon as practical, but in no event 
later than, two Business Days after the date on which the Settlement Rate is    determined. 
Further, if   payments are scheduled to be made by both parties on a   Settlement Date, and 
such date is    adjusted due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, then such 
Settlement Date shall be adjusted in respect of both parties' payments. 
Valuation Date: In respect of any Settlement Date, the date which is    2   Business Day(s) prior 
to that Settlement Date (each, a "Scheduled Valuation Date"); provided however that in the 
event of an Unscheduled Holiday, the Valuation Date shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Following Business Day Convention. 
In the event the Scheduled Valuation Date becomes subject to the Following Business Day 
Convention after the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, and if   the Valuation Date has 
not occurred on or before the 14th consecutive day after the Scheduled Valuation Date (any 
such period being a   "Deferral Period"), then the next day after the Deferral Period that 
would have been a   Business Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday, shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date. 
DISRUPTION EVENT AND FALLBACK: 
Event Currency: Reference Currency 
Applicable Disruption Events: Price Source Disruption 
FALLBACKS: 
(1) Valuation Postponement 
(2) Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate 
Adjustment to Termination Date, Payment Dates and Exchange Dates: If the Valuation Date 
in respect of a Payment Date, an Exchange Date or the Termination Date is    not the 
Scheduled Valuation Date in respect of such Payment Date, Exchange Date or Termination 
Date or if   Valuation Postponement applies, then such Payment Date, Exchange Date or 
Termination Date (as applicable) shall be as soon as practicable after the relevant Spot Rate 
is determined, but in no event later than the day which is    two Business Days after the 
relevant Spot Rate is    determined. Further, if   payments are scheduled to be made by both 
parties on a   Payment Date, Exchange Date or Termination Date, and such date is    adjusted 
due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday or Valuation Postponement in accordance 
with the previous sentence, then such Payment Date, Exchange Date or Termination Date 
shall be adjusted in respect of both parties' payments. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
adjustments shall not apply in respect of Period End Dates (including the Termination Date) 
for the purpose of determining the Calculation Periods. 

7/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
Additional Definitions: 
"CLP" means the lawful currency of the Republic of Chile. CLP will be deemed to include any 
lawful successor currency (the "Successor Currency") of the Republic of Chile. If, after the 
Trade Date and on or before the Termination Date, the Republic of Chile has lawfully 
eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on such Trade 
Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the "Original Currency"), for a 
Successor Currency, then for purposes of calculating any amounts of such currency pursuant 
to this Transaction, and for purposes of effecting settlement hereof, any Original Currency 
amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original 
Currency by a   ratio of Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated 
on the basis of the exchange rate set forth by the Republic of Chile for converting the 
Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, 
conversion, redenomination or exchange took place. If   there is    more than one such date, the 
date closest to the relevant Payment Date will be selected. 
"CLP Dollar OBS Rate" in respect of any Valuation Date shall mean Chilean Peso/U.S. Dollar 
"observado" rate, expressed as the amount of Chilean Pesos per one U.S. Dollar, for 
settlement in one Business Day reported by the Banco Central de Chile (www.bcentral.cl) as 
the "Dólar Observado" (Dollar Observado) rate by not later than 10:30 a.m., Santiago time, 
on the first Business Day following that Valuation Date. 
 "CL-ICP-CBF" means that the rate for a   Reset Date will be the Indice Cámara Promedio 
("ICP") rate for Chilean Pesos which is determined and published by the Chilean Benchmark 
Facility SpA ("CBF") in accordance with the "Reglamento Indice de Cámara Promedio" of the 
CBF as published in the Diario Oficial de la Republica de Chile (the "ICP Rules") and which is 
reported on the CBF website by not later than 8:00 p.m., Santiago time, on that Reset Date. 
If, in respect of any Reset Date, the rate fails to appear by 8:00 p.m., Santiago time, then the 
rate for that Reset Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent substantially in 
accordance with the ICP Rules. 
"Maximum Days of Postponement" means Fourteen (14) calendar days
"Unscheduled Holiday" shall mean, for the purpose of this Transaction, that a day is    not a 
Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact (by means of public announcement 
or by reference to other publicly available information) until a   time later than 9:00 a.m. local 
time in Santiago, two Business Days prior to the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Postponement" means, for purposes of obtaining a   Settlement Rate, that the 
Spot Rate will be determined on the Business Day first succeeding the day on which the Price 
Source Disruption ceases to exist, unless the Price Source Disruption continues to exist 
(measured from the date, that, but for the occurrence of the Price Source Disruption, would 
have been the Valuation Date) for a consecutive number of calendar days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Postponement. In such event, the Spot Rate will be determined on the 
next Business Day after the Maximum Days of Postponement in accordance with the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the total number of 

8/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is    deferred due to an 
Unscheduled Holiday, or (ii) a   Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) 
and (ii)), exceed 14 consecutive calendar days in the aggregate. Accordingly, (x) if, upon the 
lapse of any such 14 day period, an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be 
continuing on the day following such period, then such day shall be deemed to be a 
Valuation Date, and (y) if, upon the lapse of any such 14 day period, a   Price Source 
Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following such period, then 
Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
Relevant Cities for Business Day(s) 
for Valuation Date(s):  New York, Santiago
Relevant Cities for Business Day(s) 
for Settlement/Payment Date(s): New York, Santiago 
 3. Representations: 
Each party represents to the other party that: 
 (a) Non-Reliance. It    is    acting for its own account, and it   has made its own independent decisions to 
enter into this Transaction and as to whether this Transaction is    appropriate or proper for it based 
upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors as it   has deemed necessary. It    is    not 
relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to enter into this Transaction; it   being understood that information and 
explanations related to the terms and conditions of this Transaction shall not be considered 
investment advice or a   recommendation to enter into this Transaction. It    has not received from the 
other party any assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of this Transaction. 
 (b) Evaluation and Understanding. It is    capable of evaluating and understanding (on its own behalf 
or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions 
and risks of this Transaction. It is    also capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and other risks 
of this Transaction. 
 (c) Status of Parties. The other party is    not acting as a   fiduciary or an advisor for it in respect of this 
Transaction. 
 (d) Risk Management. It    has entered into this Transaction for the purpose of (i) managing its 
borrowings or investments, (ii) hedging its underlying assets or liabilities or (iii) in connection with its 
line of business. 

9/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
4. Account Details
Payments to US Bank C 
in CLP : To be advised 
Payments to Counterparty: Please provide to expedite payment 
If you have any questions regarding this letter agreement, please contact the Swap Operations 
Department at the telephone numbers or the facsimile numbers indicated on this Confirmation. 
Please  confirm  that  the foregoing  correctly  sets  forth  the  terms  of  our  agreement  by  executing  the 
copy of this Confirmation enclosed for that purpose and returning it to us. 
Very truly yours, 
US Bank C N.A., London 
By:______________________ 
Accepted and confirmed as 
of the
 Trade Date: 
Banco ABC 

10/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)
By: ________________________________________ 
Authorized Signatory 

11/11Deal No: 67913938, Deal Alias: 
CE3G26053973, ID: 
1004517421(1-1)