

1 of 8 
BANCO_A | PSEUDONYMISED ADDRESS | New York, New York 10282 | Tel: 212-902-1000 
PATPAT50534672-63125TAPTAP 
CONFIRMATION 
DATE: July 6, 2020 
TO: Banco ABC 
Email: Backoffice_mesa@Banco ABC.cl 
FROM: BANCO_A 
SUBJECT: Non-Deliverable Swap Transaction 
OUR REF NO: SDBB7MM3333TSLQK77.0.0.0 / 063474811 
Please see the following link for disclosures relating to material economic terms, risks 
and conflicts relating to swaps transactions, for institutional clients: 
https://360BANCO_Acom/go/doddfrank-disclosure, for Private Wealth Management clients: 
https://BANCO_ABANCO_Ap/markets/doddfrank 
The  purpose  of  this  communication  is  to  set  forth  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the 
above  referenced  transaction  entered  into  on  the  Trade  Date  specified  below  (the 
"Transaction")  between  BANCO_A  ("BANCO_A")  and  Banco ABC     (
"Counterparty").      This communication constitutes a 
"Confirmation" as referred to in the Swap Agreement specified below. 
The    definitions  and    provisions  contained  in  the   2006     ISDA    Definitions  (the  “2006 
Definitions”), as  published by  the  International Swaps and   Derivatives Association, 
Inc.   and    the   1998     FX   and    Currency  Option  Definitions  (the    “FX    Definitions”)  as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc., the Emerging 
Markets  Traders  Association  and  The  Foreign  Exchange  Committee  (together  the 
“Definitions”) are   incorporated   into   this   Confirmation.   In   the   event   of   any 
inconsistency  between  the  2006  Definitions  and  the  FX  Definitions,  the  2006 
Definitions shall govern except that the FX Definitions shall govern for the purposes 
of the Settlement Provisions set out below. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the  Definitions  and  this  Confirmation,  this  Confirmation  will  govern.  References 
herein to a "Transaction" shall be deemed to be references to a  "Swap Transaction" 
for the purposes of the 2006 Definitions. 
1. This  Confirmation  supplements, forms a   part  of  and  is  subject to the  2002  ISDA
 
Master Agreement dated as of August 16, 2019 as amended and supplemented from

 
2 of 8 
time  to  time  (the  "Swap  Agreement")  between BANCO_A  and  Counterparty.  All 
provisions  contained  in,  or  incorporated  by  reference  to,  the  Swap  Agreement  shall 
govern  this  Confirmation  except  as  expressly  modified  below. In  the  event  of  any 
inconsistency between this Confirmation, the Definitions, or the Swap Agreement, as 
the  case  may  be,  this  Confirmation  will  control  for  purposes  of  the  Transaction  to 
which this Confirmation relates. 
 
 
2.  The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
 
Notional Amount: 
 
CLP 2,500,000,000.00 
 
Trade Date: 
 
June 26, 2020 
Effective Date: 
 
July 1, 2020 
 
Termination Date: 
 
July   1,   2030,   subject   to   adjustment   in 
accordance    with    the    Modified    Following 
Business Day Convention 
 
Floating Amounts : 
 
Floating Rate Payer: 
 
BANCO_A 
 
Floating Rate Payer Payment Dates: Semiannually, on each January 1 and July  1, 
commencing  on  January  1,  2021  and  ending 
on     the    Termination     Date,     subject    to 
adjustment  in  accordance  with  the  Modified 
Following   Business   Day   Convention,   and 
subject to the Settlement Provisions as stated 
below  
 
Floating Rate Option:  
 
CLP-TNA-CBF (as defined below) 
 
Floating Rate Spread: 
 
None 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: 
 
Actual/360 
 
Floating Rate Period End Dates: 
 
Adjusted   in   accordance   with   the   Modified 
Following Business Day Convention. 
 
Fixed Amounts: 
 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
 
Counterparty 
Fixed Rate Payer Payment Dates: Semiannually, on each January 1 and July  1, 

 
3 of 8 
commencing  on  January  1,  2021  and  ending 
on     the    Termination     Date,     subject    to 
adjustment  in  accordance  with  the  Modified 
Following   Business   Day   Convention,   and 
subject to the Settlement Provisions as stated 
below 
 
Fixed Rate: 
 
2.075% 
 
Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction: 
 
Actual/360 
 
Fixed Rate Period End Dates: 
 
Adjusted   in   accordance   with   the   Modified 
Following Business Day Convention. 
 
Calculation Agent: BANCO_A 
 
3. Additional Provisions: 
 
None 
4. SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS: 
 
 
Settlement: 
 
Non-Deliverable,   with   the   effect   that   any 
Reference Currency amounts payable 
hereunder  on  a  Payment  Date  ("Reference 
Currency  Payment  Date"),  unless  otherwise 
specified herein,   shall   be   converted   into 
Settlement Currency amounts by reference to 
the Settlement Rate Option on the applicable 
Valuation   Date.      All   payments   hereunder 
shall be made in the Settlement Currency on 
the Payment Date. 
 
Settlement Rate Option:  CLP DOLAR OBS or CLP10 
 
Reference Currency: CLP 
 
Settlement Currency: USD 
 
Valuation Dates: 
 
With respect to each Calculation Period, shall 
be   the   day   that   is   two   Business   Days 
immediately  preceding  each  Payment  Date; 
provided,    however,    that    solely    for    the 
purposes   of   determining   each   Valuation 
Date,  each  such  date  as  of  the  Trade  Date 
hereof  shall  be deemed  a  date  certain  (each 
such  established  Valuation  Date  hereinafter 
deemed  a  "Scheduled  Valuation  Date").    All 

 
4 of 8 
Scheduled  Valuation  Dates  are  subject  to 
adjustment  in  accordance  with  the  Business 
Day Convention provided below. 
 
5. Disruption Events and Fallbacks: 
 
 
Event Currency:  
 
Reference Currency 
Disruption Events: 
 
 
(a) Price Source Disruption Applicable 
 
DISRUPTION FALLBACKS: 
 
 
      
Valuation Postponement   
 
Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate 
 
6. Business Days and Conventions: 
 
 
Business  Day  (as  defined  in  the  FX 
Definitions) for Valuation Date(s): 
 
New York and Santiago 
 
Business Day (as defined in the 2006 
Definitions) for all other purposes: 
 
New York and Santiago 
 
Business  Day  Convention  Applicable 
to the Valuation Date: 
 
Preceding;    provided,    however,    that    the 
adjustment shall be made in accordance with 
the  Following  Business  Day  Convention  in 
the  event of  an  "Unscheduled  Holiday"  (as 
defined below). 
 
Adjustment  to  Payment  Dates  and 
Termination Date: 
If   the   Valuation   Date   in   respect   of   a 
Reference  Currency  Payment  Date  or  the 
Termination   Date   is   not   the   Scheduled 
Valuation  Date  in  respect  of  such  Reference 
Currency Payment Date or Termination Date, 
then such Reference Currency Payment Date 
or  Termination  Date  (as  applicable)  shall  be 
as  soon  as  practicable  after  the  relevant 
Valuation Date, but in no event later than the 
day  which  is two Business  Days  after  the 
relevant Valuation Date. Further, if payments 
are scheduled to be  made by both parties on 
a Payment  Date  or  Termination  Date,  and 

 
5 of 8 
such  date  is  adjusted  due  to  the  occurrence 
of  an  Unscheduled  Holiday  in  accordance 
with   the   previous   sentence,   then   such 
Payment  Date  or  Termination  Date  shall  be 
adjusted in respect of both parties’ payments.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such 
adjustments  shall  not  apply  in  respect  of 
Period  End  Dates  (including  the  Termination 
Date)  for  the  purposes  of  determining  the 
Calculation Periods. 
  
7. Definitions:  
 
 
Unscheduled Holiday: "Unscheduled  Holiday"  shall mean,  for  the 
purpose of this Transaction and in respect of 
a  Reference  Currency,  that  a  day  is  not  a 
Business Day and the market was not aware 
of    such    fact    (by    means    of    a    public 
announcement   or   by   reference   to   other 
publicly  available  information)  until a  time 
later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the Principal 
Financial     Center(s)     of     the     Reference 
Currency  two  Business  Days  prior  to  the 
Scheduled Valuation Date. 
 
Deferral    Period    for    Unscheduled 
Holiday:  
In  the  event  the  Scheduled  Valuation  Date 
becomes  subject  to  the  Following  Business 
Day  Convention  after  the  occurrence  of  an 
Unscheduled  Holiday,  and  if  the  Valuation 
Date  has  not  occurred  on  or  before  the  30th 
consecutive     day     after     the     Scheduled 
Valuation  Date  (any  such  period  being  a 
“Deferral Period”), then the next day after the 
Deferral   Period   that   would   have   been   a 
Business   Day   but   for   the   Unscheduled 
Holiday, shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date 
 
Valuation   Postponement   for   Price 
Source Disruption: 
"Valuation Postponement" means, for 
purposes of obtaining a Settlement Rate, that 
the  Spot  Rate  will  be  determined  on  the 
Business  Day  first  succeeding  the  day  on 
which  the  Price  Source  Disruption  ceases  to 
exist,   unless   the   Price   Source   Disruption 
continues  to  exist  (measured  from  the  date 

 
6 of 8 
that,   but  for the   occurrence  of   the   Price 
Source   Disruption,   would   have   been   the 
Valuation  Date)  for  a  consecutive  number  of 
calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Postponement.  In  such  event,  the  Spot  Rate 
will be determined on the next Business Day 
after the Maximum Days of Postponement in 
accordance     with     the     next     applicable 
Disruption Fallback. 
 
Cumulative Events: 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to 
the   contrary,   in   no   event   shall   the   total 
number  of  consecutive  calendar  days  during 
which  either  (i)  the  valuation  is  deferred  due 
to    the    occurrence    of    an    Unscheduled 
Holiday,  or  (ii)  a  Valuation  Postponement 
shall  occur,  or  any  combination  of  (i)  and  (ii) 
above  has  occurred,  shall  exceed  30  (thirty) 
consecutive calendar days in total.  
Accordingly, if upon the lapse of any such 30 
(thirty)  day  period  an  Unscheduled  Holiday 
has occurred or is continuing on the day that 
follows  such  period,  then  such  day  shall  be 
deemed  to  be  a  Valuation  Date  and,  if  upon 
the lapse of any such 30 (thirty) day period, a 
Price Source  Disruption  has  occurred  or  is 
continuing   on   the   day   that   follows   such 
period,   then   the   Valuation   Postponement 
shall   not   apply   and   the   Spot   Rate   shall 
thereby  be  determined  in  accordance  with 
the  Disruption  Fallback  that  is  next  deemed 
to be applicable to this Transaction. 
 
Maximum Days of Postponement: 
 
"Maximum   Days   of   Postponement"   shall 
mean, for purposes of this Transaction, thirty 
(30) calendar days 
 
"CLP-TNA-CBF" means that the rate in respect of any Calculation Period will be the 
"Tasa Nominal Annual" or "TNA" calculated as follows and shall (a) be expressed as 
a percentage, (b) be expressed to the 4th decimal place: 
 
TNA = ((ICP1 / ICP0) - 1) * 36000/N 
 
Where: 
 
"ICP0"  means  the  ICP  determined  on  the  first  Santiago  Business  Day  of  each 

 
7 of 8 
Calculation Period  
 
"ICP1"  means  the  ICP  determined  on  the  last  Santiago  Business  Day  of  each 
Calculation Period  
  
Where "ICP0" and "ICP1" each shall be an "Observation Date" 
 
"N"  means,  with  respect  to  each  such  Calculation  Period,  the  actual  number  of 
calendar days in that Calculation Period. 
 
"ICP"  means  that  the  rate  for  an  Observation  Date  will  be  the  Indice  Cámara 
Promedio  ("ICP")  rate  for  Chilean  Pesos  which  is  determined  and  published  by  the 
Chilean  Benchmark  Facility  SpA  ("CBF"),  or  any  Successor Source,  in  accordance 
with  the  "Reglamento  Índice  de  Cámara  Promedio"  of  the  CBF  as  published  in  the 
Diario Oficial de la Republica de Chile (the "ICP Rules") and which is reported on the 
CBF website by not later than 8:00 p.m., Santiago time, on that Observation Date. If, 
in  respect  of  any  Observation  Date,  the  rate  fails  to  appear  by  8:00  p.m.,  Santiago 
time,  then  the  rate  for  that  Observation  Date  will  be  determined  by  the  Calculation 
Agent substantially in accordance with the ICP Rules. 
 
 
8.  Credit Support Documents: (a)   Credit   Support   Annex   to   the   Swap 
Agreement   between   BANCO_A   and 
Counterparty  
(b)  For  the  purposes  of  this  Transaction,  the 
Independent  Amount  for  Counterparty  will  be 
0.00% of the Notional Amount 
 
9.  Offices: 
 
(a) The Office of BANCO_A for this Transaction is PSEUDONYMISED ADDRESS, New York, 
New York 10282. 
 
(b) The Office of Counterparty for this Transaction is [Please Provide]. 
 
           _____________________________________________________ 
 

8 of 8 
10.Counterparty  hereby  agrees  (a)  to  check  this  Confirmation  (Reference  No.:
SDBB7MM3333TSLQK77.0.0.0)  carefully  and  immediately  upon  receipt  so  that
errors or discrepancies can be promptly identified and rectified and (b) to confirm that
the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of the agreement between BANCO_A
and Counterparty with respect to the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation
relates,  by  manually  signing  this  Confirmation  and  providing  the  other  information
requested    herein    and    immediately    returning    an    executed    copy    to    Swap
Administration, facsimile No. 212-902-5692.
Very truly yours, 
BANCO_A 
Agreed and Accepted By: 
Banco ABC 
By: _________________________ 
Name: 
Title: 
Counterparty Reference 
Number: 
[Please Provide] 