

US Bank JP 
 
 
 
 
Interest  Rate Swap Transaction  Confinnation 
 
The purpose of this letter agreement is  to  confinn the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into 
between: 
 
US Bank JP US Bank JP, N.A. 
("US Bank JP") 
 
and 
 
Banco ABC (the 
"Counterparty") 
 
 
on the Trade Date and identified by the US Bank JP Deal Number specified below (the "Transaction"). This 
letter agreement constitutes a   "Confirmation" as referred to  in  the Agreement specified below, and supersedes 
any previous confirmation or other writing with respect to  the transaction described below. 
 
The  definitions  and  provisions  contained  in  the  2006  ISDA  Definitions  (the  "2006  Definitions"),  
as 
published  by  the  Intemational  Swaps  and  Derivatives  Association,  Inc.,  are incorporated  into  this  
Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions and this Confinnation, this 
Confirmation  wíll  govem.  References  herein  to  a "Transaction" shall be deemed to be references to 
a 
"Swap Transaction" for the purposes ofthe 2006 Definitions. 
 
This Confirmation supplements, fonns part of, and is  subject to,    the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 17 
November 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Agreement"),  between US Bank JP and 
the Counterparty. Ali provisions contained in  the Agreement govem this Confirmation exceptas expressly 
modified below. 
 
The tenns ofthe particular Swap Transaction to  which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
TRANSACTION DETAILS 
 
US Bank JP Deal Number: 
Notional Amount: 
TradeDate: 
Effective Date: 
Termination Date: 
0504080041385 
 
CLP 3,550,000,000 
 
24 March 2022 
 
28 March 2022, subject to  No Adjustment 
28 March 2031, subject to adjustment in  accordance with 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Ref: 0504080041385 Page 1   of 5 

US Bank JP 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
 
Fixed Amounts: 
 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
 
Fixed Rate Payer Payment Amount: 
 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate Payer Period End Dates: 
 
 
 
 
Delayed Payment: 
FixedRate: 
Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction: 
Business Days: 
Floating Amounts: 
 
Floating Rate Payer: 
 
Floating Rate Payer Payment Amount: 
 
 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate Payer Period End Date: 
Delayed Payment: 
Floating Rate Option: 
US Bank JP 
 
 
 
US Bank JP 
 
In  respect  of  each  Fixed  Rate  Payer  Calculation  Period,  
an amount in CLP equal to the product of (i)   the Notional 
Amount, (ii) the Fixed Rate, and (iii) the Fixed Rate Day 
Count Fraction 
 
28 March  and  28 September  in   each  year,  from  and 
including 28 September   2022 to   and   including the 
Termination  Date,  subject  to adjustment in   accordance 
with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
 
One Business Day 
6.50500 percent 
Actual 360 
Santiago
 
 
 
Counterparty 
 
In respect of each Floating Rate Payer Calculation Period, 
an amount in CLP equal to the product of (i)   the Notional 
Amount,  (ii)  the  Floating  Rate  for  such  Floating  Rate  
Payer Calculation Period, and (iii) the Floating Rate Day 
Count Fraction. 
 
Each Fixed Rate Payer Period End Date. 
One Business Day 
Tasa Nominal Annual (TNA) 
 
TNA:  The "tasa   nominal anual promedio" (the   "average 
annual  nominal  rate")  which  shall  be  determined  by  the  
Calculation  Agent  in  respect  of  each  Calculation  Period  
by reference to the following equation: 
 
TNA-=((JCPl / JCPO)-  l}x  36000/ NumberofDays. 
 
The TNA shall be expressed as a percentage, calculated 
to the 2nd decimal place. 
 
Our Ref: 0504080041385 Page 2 of5 
 

US Bank JP 
 
 
 
ICP: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICP0: 
 
 
 
ICPI: 
 
 
 
ICP Rules: 
 
 
 
 
Number ofDays: 
 
 
Spread: 
 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: 
Reset Dates: 
Compounding: 
 
Business Oays: 
 
EARLY  TERMINATION 
 
Mandatory Early Tennination: 
Mandatory Early Tennination Date: 
Cash Settlement Valuation Time: 
Cash Settlement Valuation Date: 
Means  that  the  Tate  for  a  Relevant  Date  will  be  the  
"Indice  Cámara  Promedio"  for  Chilean  Pesos  which  is  
detennined  and  published  by  the  Chilean  Benchmark  
Facility  SpA  ("CBF'')  in  accordance  with  the  ICP  Rules  
and  is  reported  on  the  CBF  website  by  not  later  than 
08:00  p.m.,  Santiago  time,  on  that  Relevant  Date.  lf  in  
respect  of  any  Relevant  Date,  the  rate  fails  to  appear  by  
08:00 p.m., Santiago time, then the rate for that Relevant 
Date   will   be   determined   by   the   Calculation   Agent   
substantially in accordance with the ICP Rules. 
 
With   respect   to   a   Floating   Rate   Payer   Calculation 
Period,  ICP  determined  as  if  
the first  day  of  such  
Calculation  Period were the Reset Date. 
 
With   respect   to   a   Floating   Rate   Payer   Calculation 
Period,   ICP   determined   as   if   the   final   day   of   such   
Calculation  Period 
were the Reset Date. 
 
The Indice de Camara Promedio Regulation approved by 
the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Association  of  Banks  in  
session   dated   27   March   2017   and   published   in   the 
Official Joumal of 5 May 2017. 
 
With respect to  a Calculation Period, the actual number of 
calendar days included in such Calculation Period. 
 
None 
Actual/360 
Arrears Settíng in  respect of each Calculation  Period 
Inapplicable 
Santiago 
 
 
 
Applicable 
 
24 March 2027 subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
 
11:00 AM New York time 
 
2 Valuation Business Days prior to the Mandatory Early 
Termination Date 
 
 
Our Ref: 0504080041385 
Page 3   ofS 
 

US Bank JP 
 
 
 
 
Valuation Business Days: 
 
Cash Settlement Currency: 
 
Cash Settlement Reference Banks: 
Quotation Rate: 
Cash Settlement Method: 
 
ACCOUNT DETAILS 
Payments to US Bank JP: 
Payments to  Counterparty: 
OFFICES 
US Bank JP: 
 
Counterparty: 
DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED 
Santiago and New York 
USD 
As defined in  the Definitions 
 
Mid 
 
Cash Price 
 
 
 
As 
per our standard settlement instructions. 
As per your standard settlement instructions. 
 
 
Santiago, Chile 
Santiago, Chile 
 
Each party shall deliver to the other, at the time of its execution of this Confinnation, evídence of the 
incumbency and specimen signature ofthe person(s) executing this Confinnation, unless such evidence has 
been previously supplied and remains true and in  effect. 
 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PARTIES 
 
Each party will be deemed to  represent to  the other party on the date on which it  enters into a Transaction that 
(absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affinnative obligations to  the contnuy 
for that Transaction): 
 
(a) Non-Reliance. lt is  acting for its   own account, and it  has made its   own independent decisions to  enter into 
that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is  appropriate or proper for it  based upon its   own judgment 
and upon advice from such advisers as it  has deemed necessary. lt is not relying on any communication 
(written or oral) ofthe other party as investment advicc oras a recommendation to  enter into that Transaction; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Ref: 0504080041385 Page 4 of5 
 

US Bank JP 
 
 
 
 
it  being understood that information and explanations related to  the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall 
not be considered  investment advice ora  recommendation to  enter into that Transaction. No communication 
(written  or  oral)  received  from  the  other  party  shall  be  deemed  to  be  an  assurance  or  guarantee  as  to  the  
expected results ofthat Transaction. 
 
(b) Assessment  and   nderstanding, lt  is  capable  of  assessing  the  merits  of  and  understanding  (on  its  own  
behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the tenns, conditions and 
risks ofthat Transaction.  lt   is capable ofassuming,  and  assumes the risks ofthat Transaction. 
 
(e) Status  of  Parties. The  other  party  is  not  acting  as  a  fiduciary  for  oran  adviser  to  it  in  respect  of  that  
Transaction. 
 
TIME OF DEALING 
 
The time of dealing will be confinned  by US Bank JP  upon written request. 
 
Please confinn that the foregoing correctly sets forth the tenns of our agreement by executing a copy of this 
Confirmation and retuming it to us or by sending to us a    letter or facsímile substantially similar to this letter, 
which  letter  or  facsimile  sets  forth  the  material tenns  ofthe  Transaction to  which  this  Confinnation relates 
and indicates agreement to those tenns. When referring to this Confinnation, picase indicate: US Bank JP Deal 
Number(s): 0504080041385 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ali queries regardíng confinnations should  be sent to: 
...
 
 
US Bank JP Contact 
Client Service Group 
Group E-mail address: 
Facsímile: 
 
(001) 3026344960 
latam.client.service@US Bank JP.com
  
Please quote the US Bank JP deal number(s): 0504080041385 
 
Our Ref: 0504080041385 Page 5 of 5 
US Bank JP US Bank JP, N.A. 
Accepted and confirmed as ofthe date first written: 
Banco ABC 
Title:    
Client Service Group 

 
 